# Customer obsessed

Apple has become the largest and most profitable company of all time by relentlessly focusing on their customer over all else. [John Gruber laments][apple_cf] that in the long-term their customer-focessed values may be threatened by Wall St's focus on short term profitability. If Wall St's influence wins out it will be a loose for customers, Apple and ultimately Wall St.

Intel on how they have embraced [iterative, in-market experimentation][[intel_mvp] practices in order to develop innovative new products that align with customer needs.

[apple_cf]:(http://daringfireball.net/2015/05/apples_customer_first_strategy/?utm_source=heuro.net&utm_medium=email)
[intel_mvp]:(http://blogs.intel.com/new-business/2015/03/09/power-validated-learning-pt1/?utm_source=heuro.net&utm_medium=email)

***

# Data-driven

In order to demonstrate business value from your content marketing you need to go beyond simple measures such as page views and shares. An excellent approach is creating a [PR scorecard][pr-scorecard] for your earned media derived from you content. The scorecard is a detailed algorithm that outlines how to score and combine prominence, visibility and quality metrics.

[pr-scorecard]:(http://contently.com/strategist/2015/05/08/how-to-create-a-pr-scorecard-for-your-earned-media-and-content-marketing/?utm_source=heuro.net&utm_medium=email)

***

# Channels

A simple [check-list][seo-checklist] of 25 procedures that will optimise your site's SEO efforts for 2015.

[seo-checklist]:(http://onlinemarketinginct.com/2015/05/09/seo-checklist-2015/?utm_source=heuro.net&utm_medium=email)

***

# Marketing technology

CMS Wire [published a white paper][cms-trends] on the top trends in web CMS for 2015. Amongst their list is modularized solutions that can adapt to a companies' changing work-flows, personalisation that integrates with content an Digital Asset Management (DAM), the shift towards branded communities and a shift towards omni-channel content distribution.

[cms-trends]:(http://www-cmswire.simplermedia.com/rs/simplermediagroup/images/DNN-White-Paper-Top-Trends-in-Web-CMS-for-2015.pdf/?utm_source=heuro.net&utm_medium=email)

***

# Tool of the week