---
layout: post
title: Teacup marketing, podcast's evolution and more
categories: email
---

## Teacup marketing

In his New York Times bestseller [Antifragile][afragile], Nassim Taleb explains that fragility is aversion to disorder. Things that are fragile do not like variability, volatility, stress, chaos, and random events, which cause them to either gain little or suffer. A teacup, for example, will not benefit from any form of shock. It wants peace and predictability, something that is not possible in the long run, which is why time is an enemy to the fragile.

The old breed of marketers were fragile. They designed by committee, were driven by subjectivity and ensured post campaign reports justified their existence. In a solid economy these marketers shine - their political prowess and patience helps them rise to the top of a marketing department. In the face of market disruption or economic woes their world collapses under them and weary CEOs / CFOs are quick to slash the majority of their budget in an effort to tighten operating expenditures.

The emerging, antifragile marketer is a far cry from the old breed. Her marketing program is driven by the Customer Acquisition Cost and Customer Lifetime Value. Creative teams are empowered to constantly publish experiments through owned and earned channels. Ideas that gain traction are quickly focussed on and given additional media budget in real time. Her remit extends beyond gaining attention to activating intention and maintaining retention. In economic distress her budgets are relatively untouched as the majority of her focus is on mission critical activities such as omnichannel sales and customer retention.

[afragile]:http://www.amazon.com/Antifragile-Things-That-Disorder-Incerto/dp/0812979680

***

### 1. [How podcasts have changed in ten years by the numbers][l1]
_<strong>Channel</strong>_

Podcasting is booming, and podcasts are getting longer and more diverse.

[l1]:https://medium.com/@slowerdawn/how-podcasts-have-changed-in-ten-years-by-the-numbers-720a6e984e4e

***

### 2. [A/B testing advertising - a playbook for publishers][l2]
_<strong>Channel</strong>_

Six months ago Curiosity Media launched an A/B testing framework for SpanishDict.com. The result was smarter, faster and more measurable improvements to their ad revenue. The post lays out how they did it.

[l2]:http://blog.pubnation.stfi.re/ab-testing-ads/?sf=jxjjya

***

### 3. [The rise of armchair marketing][armchairmar]
_<strong>Trends</strong>_

A trend where the ad is the main event.

[armchairmar]:http://www.theawl.com/2015/08/the-main-event

***

### 4. [How digital-native publishers are dealing with ad blocking][digiadblock]
_<strong>Trends</strong>_

Instead of pleading for its readers to turn their ad blockers off, or cutting deals with ad blocking companies to let Mic's ads pass, Mic and some other digital-native publishers such as Vox Media and Quartz are investing in more appealing ad formats that consumers might better accept.

[digiadblock]:http://adage.com/article/media/digital-native-publishers-deal-ad-blocking/300202

***

### 5. [Amazon expands dash buttons to more brands, effectively makes the buttons free][adash]
_<strong>Ecommerce</strong>_

Amazon this morning announced an expansion of its Dash Buttons program, as well as incentives to encourage more Amazon Prime members to use the small Wi-Fi connected hardware devices that let you order products from Amazon with just a tap.

[adash]:http://techcrunch.com/2015/09/02/amazon-expands-dash-buttons-to-more-brands-effectively-makes-the-buttons-free

***

### 6. [21 content marketing predictions for the 2nd half of 2015][contentpred]
_<strong>Content</strong>_

Contently's predictions on brand ambitions, ROI, the future of martech and the future of media.

[contentpred]:http://contently.com/strategist/2015/07/09/21-content-marketing-predictions-for-the-second-half-of-2015/

***

### 7. [‘Socality Barbie’ is a perfect instagram parody][socbarbie]
_<strong>Trends</strong>_

Not only is the account a great commentary on a wider trend, it's a great example of how content marketers should think.

[socbarbie]:http://junkee.com/socality-barbie-is-all-the-reasons-you-hate-those-trendy-instagram-accounts-4/64857

***

### 8. [10 inspiring experiential marketing examples][expmar]
_<strong>Campaign</strong>_

Econsultancy pulled together some great examples where marketers have created immersive experience that enable people to physically interact with their brands.

[expmar]:https://econsultancy.com/blog/66908-10-inspiring-experiential-marketing-examples

***

### 9. [Content, shares, and links: insights from analyzing 1 million articles][contentlinks]
_<strong>Content</strong>_

BuzzSumo teamed up with Moz to analyze the shares and links of over 1m articles. They analyse the correlation of shares and links, to understand the content that gets both shares and links, and to identify the formats that get relatively more shares or links.

[contentlinks]:https://moz.com/blog/content-shares-and-links-insights-from-analyzing-1-million-articles

***

### 10. [Grid][grid]
_<strong>Tool of the week</strong>_

Artificial intelligence websites that design themselves.

[grid]:https://thegrid.io/

***
